# Jupyter Security Bi-weekly Meeting

## June 21, 2022

| Name               | affiliation| username         |
| -------------------| -----------| -----------------|
| Jason Weill | AWS | @jweill-aws |
| Rick Wagner | UCSD | @rpwagner |
| Rollin Thomas | NERSC | @rcthomas |
| Matthias Bussonier |            | @carreau |

### Agenda + Minutes

* It's hot.
* Matthias: Steering council members are the ones who have ownership of orgs
* Rick: Working on MFA policy document
    * Focus on motivation right away
    * Given list of projects identify people
    * Hard to do automatically, maybe do manual once
    * Questions about applying 2FA requirement from orgs
    * Members does not include outside collaborators in UI
        * Both need 2FA
        * Creating list of who does/doesn't is easy
        * Implication: Vulnerability collaborators need 2FA on
    * Github gives tools to monitor this, PyPI? Others?
* Rick: on upcoming publicity for this:
    * Email
    * Discourse post
    * Add text on security page
    * Announcements at various meetings
* 
* Question during discussion:
    * Do reporters/collaborators end up as collaborators on forked original project repos?
