# Jupyter Security Bi-weekly Meeting

## March 29, 2022

| Name          | affiliation                 | username         |
| ------------- | --------------------------- | -----------------|
| Rick Wagner | UCSD | @rpwagner |
| Jason Weill | AWS | @jweill-aws |
| Rollin Thomas | NERSC | @rcthomas |
| Steven Silvester | MongoDB | @blink1073 |
| Zach Sailer | Apple | @Zsailer |
| Isabela Presedo-Floyd | Quansight Labs | @isabela-pf |
| Matthias Bussonier | | |
| A. T. Darian | | |
| Harry Weppner | | |
| Jeremy Tuloup | | |
| Kevin Bates  | | |
| Thorin Tabor | | |
| Wayne Decatur | | |

### Agenda + Minutes

* Meeting Expectations:
    * For discussion of general Jupyter + security topics
    * **NOT** for reporting or discussing specific vulnerabilities
    * Appropriate place for reporting vulnerabilities:
        * security@ipython.org
* Collision with Jupyter Community Meeting! Very nice!
    * We should do this more often!
    * Security is like accessibility in that it's cross-project
    * Challenges:
        * Have to know everyone and/or
        * Have to have security in each org
        * Try merging orgs?
        * Zach: alternatively rely on SW steering council
            * Separate orgs helps individal projects manage themselves
            * Single org allows some folks to be able to contribute
            * SW council held to higher standard on communication, that's the cross-project comm
        * Matthias points out many orgs makes for a full time job
        * Jason: Need to set expectations on response etc, helps retain trust w/large orgs
        * SW council not meeting yet because most projects don't have reps, working on issues of voting etc
            * Google groups vs github issues (another channel)
            * Compass template?  Or one compass for all Jupyter?
        * Even w/SW steering council need sec team to triage
            * Sec team needs faster timeline
            * Need to solve in hours/days not weeks
            * Sec by default should be private
            * SW council better for process + governance, not for day-to-day, and need it before SSC exists
        * Centralizing going toward jupyter.org for coordination, councils as source of voting members, not trying to be prescriptive on tools used for coordination
        * Big concern: Don't want it to be confusing to people trying to communicate into the project
* Progress on draft vulnerability handling process
    * Idea: Unified vulnerability handling process for Jupyter
        * Covers all the repos under the project
        * Have a consistent way to respond to vulnerabilities
        * Handle with appropriate types of disclosures
        * Coordinate work on remediation
        * Users, deployers know what to expect
        * Developers, contributors have a consistent process
    * The draft document in HackMD
        * Doc's ready for start of review process
        * **Jason** will take care of moving it to the security repo as pull request
        * **Rick** will put a link to it on the Discourse
        * Reporting procedures
        * Coordinated disclosure
        * Acknowledgment
        * Vulnerability triage + remediation
            * Roles
            * Process
* Next thing to bootstrap is the Security Team Charter
    * 
* Requirements/expectations for orgs/projects (MFA etc)
    * Need to see all orgs and make sure they meet guidelines
    * See above, coordinating across orgs
* Tidelift
    * https://github.com/jupyter/governance/issues/127
    * Matthias looked at it and found out it requires a personal subscription but can be source of funds
    * Ensures subscribers have advance notice
    * Matthias can do it but, ipython, traitlets (for instance) would have to meet requirements
    * Proposed, 80% set aside for security
    * **Invitation to all** See the issue and help review it.
* Question: JupyterLab version lifecycle? For how long should users expect security updates, etc.?
    * Short answer: Two previous versions
        * When 4 is released, 1 will be retired
    * General discussion:
        * Some people in Jason's org still using JupyterLab 1
        * Is it documented somewhere when that's going away
        * Matthias working on this in Scientific Python context, could try to push that for Jupyter
            * https://scientific-python.org/ in progress
            * Would like software, version, EOL table
            * Have a single place for that, on jupyter.org would be nice to have
        * Example of doing this nicely is Node
        * https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8577
        * Standardize a YAML format for package lifetimes?
        * https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria
        * Jason: Just even anything in writing would help, without it
* Community call shout outs:
    * Zach: voila-gridstack is great and Zach encourages new release 0.3 on PyPI sometime soon!
        * https://github.com/voila-dashboards/voila/pull/846
