# Jupyter Security Bi-weekly Meeting

## June 20, 2023

| Name               | affiliation    | username         |
| -------------------| ---------------|------------------|
| Rick Wagner        | UCSD           | @rpwagner        |
| Jason Weill        | @AWS           | @JasonWeill      |
| Joe Lucas          | NVIDIA         | @josephtlucas    |
| Matthias Bussonnier| Quansight      | @carreau         |

* Zeek submissions complete
    * Rick: Maybe we define some canonical deployment scenarios (on the desktop, JupyterLab on a server, Hub, Zero to JupyterHub)
* Jason: Is jupyter.org being updated? If so, maybe we use this to update the [security page](https://jupyter.org/security)
    * Produce resources for the NSF summit and post to the website
* Jason: Anna and Steven putting together a policy for posting to official social media
* How do we follow what EC and SSC are doing?
    * nontransparent
* Zoom conflict with other Jupyter committees again.
* Matthias recommends restructuring governance page to make meeting notes and schedules more discoverable
* Intigriti
    * Will finish draft and get to the Jupyter projects for review this week
* OpenSSF
    * Should we be involved at the free tier?
* https://ostif.org/ contacted NumFOCUS about a completing a Pandas audit. Might be a resource for us later.

Workshop TODOs:
- [ ] Marketing
    - Twitter (some people have requested that it be deleted)
    - Discourse
    - We don't have mastadon
- [ ] Making it an official community workshop (maybe ask Community Building Committee)
